#Perfect-Stranger-Matching

This repository contains supplementary material to the working paper Both et al. (2016) available at SSRN: http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2802736 as well as perfect stranger matching tables for all configurations up to 40 participants. For a configuration with p participants and group size g, the respective file is named "g"to"p". For example "2to40" referrs to the configuration (p,g)=(40,2). Each row within those files contains one group allocation within a sequence of group allocations. Thereby each participant has an unique fixed participant number, e.g. for 6 participants the numbers 1-6 are used as identifier. Thus, participants are assigned to groups, indicated by the brackets "[...,...]", while multiple of those groups make up a whole group allocation (in one row).

To execute the stand-alone PSM algorithm, extract the RAR file (.rar) that can be downloaded under https://github.com/PerfectStrangerMatching/PSM/blob/master/PSM_Executable_Program.rar. The executable jar file and the batch file need to remain stored in the same folder. Clicking on the .bat file executes the PSM algorithm. Default group size (g) is set to 4 and can be changed by opening the batch file (.bat) with a text editor and changing the value for g. Similarly, minimum and maximum number of subjects (min, max) and maximum runtime (r) can be changed in the batch file. When the algorithm is executed, a new folder called “tables” is created. This folder contains a text file for each configuration from “min” to “max” number of subjects and the respective group size as specified in the batch file. Each text file contains the longest sequence found for the respective configuration, where each row represents a group allocation for one round. For example, the row below describes a group allocation where subjects 0-3 and 4-7 are matched in a group: [[ 0,  1,  2,  3], [ 4,  5,  6,  7]]

